Remove remaining deprecated APIs (#9263)
withastro/astro: .changeset/green-parrots-brake.md

---
'astro': major
---

Removes additional deprecated APIs:

- The Astro preview server now returns a 404 status instead of a 301 redirect when requesting assets from the public directory without a base.
- Removes special handling when referencing the `astro/client-image` type. You should use the `astro/client` type instead.

> - Removes deprecated builtin `rss` support. You should use `@astrojs/rss` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes deprecated built-in `rss` support. You should use `@astrojs/rss` instead.
```

> - Removes deprecated built-in `rss` support. You should use `@astrojs/rss` instead.

Author: ```suggestion
- Removes deprecated built-in `rss` support in `getStaticPaths`. You should use `@astrojs/rss` instead.
```
